The tempest is at your command.
The tempest is upon them.
The storm approaches.
Gale winds unleashed.
For tranquility.
By your command.
At once.
As you wish.
With ease.
Swiftly!
Breathlessly.
In harmony.
Upon the wind.
And you thought it was just a harmless breeze!
Yes, it's true. For only $2.95 a minute, I will leave you breathless.
Say hello to the winds of--- (double cough, clears throat) I don't know what came over me.
This is Janna, live at Summoner's Rift! Hopefully I stay that way.
It's going to be another beautiful day in Summoner's Rift! Again.
This is Janna, live at the Twiiiisted Treeeeline! Hopefully I stay that way.
This is Janna, live at the - brr - Howling Abyss! Hopefully I stay that way.
This is Janna, live at the Crystal Scar! Hopefully I stay that way.
I'm live at the scene and it's just... cats and dogs here.
Pressure is building!
You're in tornado alley!
Heavy winds approaching!
Hold on to your hats!
They're in for the storm of the century!
Death counts rising into the double digits tonight!
Perfect weather for a teamfight.
High risk of severe thunderstorm.
We're seeing a distinct chance of pentakills!
Pain front rolling in!
I didn't spend five years studying journalism for this.
Bringing you the most accurate weather.
Likelihood of acid rain nearing one-hundred percent!
This is shaping up to be a scorcher!
Things are really heating up here.
Unknown weather pattern!
Scary clouds!
Expect sporadic ganks.
Stay indoors today.
I get the worst assignments...
Mic check! Am I coming in?
We're looking on a one hundred percent chance of carnage!
Let's take a look at the minimap.
I'm gonna need a new umbrella.
We're seeing ideal conditions for a gorgeous lane.
I'm on location, and it's - whoo! - not skirt weather!
Trust me, I'm a weatherwoman.
Wait, are we rolling?
What a scoop!
Expect a spawn of <span class=
Let my winds - and the teleprompter - guide you!
Stock up wards for low visibility locations.
Five day forecast: sunshine, rainbows and bloodshed!
And this harass is gonna continue on into the evening!
It looks like there's a low chance any skillshots are gonna hit us!
Surrender is likely with high pressure systems all over the map.
We may see a couple of clouds but nothing to worry abou- ahhh!
A little bit of precipitation is nothing to have a bad hair- urgh!
So long as Janna's on stormwatch, you've got nothing to fe- agh!
Bundle up!
Incoming gale!
Cold front!
It's gusty!
We'll be right back with more pain and death after these messages!
We'll be right back after a word from our summoning platform!
And back to you, shopkeeper!
Janna signing off...&#160;!
Back to you...&#160;!
We're going to edit that out, right?
